well I'd either than enough people let's
bow down so tonight we're gonna talk
about what Sherlock Holmes can teach us
about the impeachment trial because I
don't hear any dogs marking before we
get into that let's get some facts on
record the house has sole power over
impeachment the Senate has sold power
over the trial when it was in the
impeachment phase the Democrats produced
their best evidence they went all in on
this and in a lot of ways they bet the
2020 election on it and they did it well
current polling shows about half in some
cases more than half of Americans want
the president impeached and removed
that's substantial now it's in the
Senate's hands the Senate is run by
Republicans Mitch McConnell and he's not
barking he's not barking at this point
in time when the polls are showing what
they show there's nothing to lose by
doing what they said they were gonna do
during the impeachment phase destroy
this narrative this flimsy evidence this
horrible testimony destroy it and make
everybody see you destroy it but that's
not what's happening there are crafting
rules that make it almost impossible for
the average American to see what's going
on it's crazy
it's very odd because at this point if
what the Republicans have been saying is
true is true they can completely cement
a 20/20 victory they can destroy this
narrative show that the Democrats just
politicize this whole thing and win in a
landslide
instead sounds want to happen
it's not what's happening at all the dog
isn't barking in one of Sherlock Holmes
his stories revolves around a a horse
getting stolen and there was a dog in
the area a guard dog and when Holmes
goes through and he does all of his
interviews nobody mentions the dog when
they're recounting the events of the
night nobody mentions the dog it's the
Curious Incident of the dog in the
night-time dog didn't do anything
curious in the nighttime
that's what's curious he should have
barked so what's called a negative fact
it's something that you expect to be
there that isn't sometimes a negative
fact can lead you to the right question
sometimes it can lead you to the answer
in our story the dog didn't bark because
he knew the guilty person guilty person
came in recognized didn't bark why would
he I'm starting to think that our
senatorial dog recognizes the guilty
person doesn't want to draw attention to
it why would he it's the only
explanation for what they're doing have
you ever known any politician of any
flavor to pass up an opportunity to
completely destroy their political
opponent if the evidence is as flimsy as
the Republicans keep saying and the
narrative is that easily shattered why
would they not do that primetime instead
they're trying to downplay it trying to
find a way to hide the proceedings what
it seems like
I'm fairly certain that our senatorial
dog recognizes the guilty person anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night